# Representation Learning of Knowledge Graphs with Entity Descriptions  
## Key Idea
In most knowledge graphs there are usually concise descriptions for entities, which cannot be well utilized by existing methods. This paper proposes a novel representation learning method for knowledge graphs ***taking advantages of entity descriptions***. More specifically, this paper explores two encoders, including continuous bag-of-words and deep convolutional neural models to encode semantics of entity descriptions.  
  Especially, this paper considers the ***zero-shot scenario***, where some entities are novel to existing KGs with only descriptions. Existing representation learning methods of KGs are incapable of those novel entities, since no embeddings have been learned for them. However, the ***Description-Embodied Knowledge Representation Learning(DKRL)*** model can build representations for those novel entities automatically from their descriptions. The experiments in zero-shot setting show that, the DKRL model can still achieve relatively favorable results on the two tasks, includingknowledge graph completion and entity classification.  

## How
***Structure-based representations*** do better in capturing information in fact triples of KGs, while ***description-based representations*** do better in capturing textual information in entity descriptions.  
This ttwo entity representations need to be learned simultaneously into the ***same continuous vector space***, but do not
force the representations to be unified for the consideration of better representing ability.  
$E = E_S + E_D$, where $E_S$ is the energy function of structure-based representations, which shares the same formulation as TransE($\| \| h + r − t\| \| $), while $E_D$ is the energy function of descriptionbased representations. $E_D$ can be defined by a variety of measurements. To make the learning process of $E_D$ to be compatible with $E_S$ , $E_D$ is define as follow: $$E_D = E_{DD} + E_{DS} + E_{SD}$$, where $E_{DD} = \| \| h_d + r − t_d\| \| $ in which head and tail are description-based representations. Also we have $E_{DS} = \| \| h_d + r − t_s\| \| $ and $E_{SD} = \| \| h_s + r − t_d\| \| $, in which one of $h$ or $t$ uses description-based representation and the other uses structure-based representation.  
